let's go now with the subject we are going with paris about what happens in the world of
show
the tasks for the special was the outside
entreguista be a local fair so
so he regrets not recognizing that he was reading news through these
workshops
Monday to Friday in the mornings from the alley tree names better
known as chicharrera
It's six in the morning when I accepted because we do not know how it is
easy
was to exercise
never got in but the link continues in the semifinals of the 'nerazzurri' linda a
town are you continuing the United States border expensive myspace more
precise
by the way is the proclamation of the comic and most of my fans to youth
what I'm working on right now was really a very body expression
because my parents
forever
of the colt explosion demolished being an announcer
could not finally
without time there was not much access to the media
i
Well, because I'm always open at that moment
doing what his father did at the time I like to have exploded with
shady of my life - tells that first love
that time a conveyor belt attending the radio the viewer
if you wanted me to see her as a warden
he knew we could get into combat he was a musician I am in fact I am
musician
let's get married in the middle of
wake of zelaya the hemicycle my first job in radio was precisely
entity means percent
six months that is at least six months ago I came here is a job
of a hundred station according to aena that did not bring more
I told him
eat like that because if
these illnesses
rose of the valley have revealed details
like other people obviously that we are
josé luis panozzo
salazar added
otherwise it is not transparency
the Catalan text
well that at five o'clock in the morning is a mythical press concept many more
as people do what happens in a fast language
i inbev i have not found with white
somewhat difficult
first the markets
very young
reading also because when I really wanted to front number that
I gave him the india of leh
the Catalan but good
p
park 11 so they were giving little by little
minutes after it's you I think we're busy good with this
drop
have been able to know more in depth in August and until this morning with
scenic direction in the av
in Spain the day
for the semifinals when attacking Monday through Friday from 6 o'clock in the morning
the zapata particles of ayllón this girl march has been manufactured prepare
recipes quantity
the 11